Project Overview
In my project I have been leaning on how to create images using nothing but code to make these images. Over the course of the assignment I have been learning three different coding languages and these languages were P5js, HTML and Java Script. 
I Started my project by researching and gathering inspiration on other artist that have done pieces like this. I looked at a bunch of different projects but the three that stood out to me were Robert Hodgins Addition/Subtraction piece, Frederik Vanhouttas Strange symmetry and a project called Broken Mirrors. These three pieces gave a very trippy feel when looking at the designs and colours and I wanted to emulate this in my project as well. 
After some implications I had to divert from my original idea as I didn’t have the coding knowledge and it was becoming far too difficult to create the piece I had initially intended to create therefore I had to come up with a simpler idea that still carried the theme of giving the viewer a trippy feel. I decided in the end to do a constantly generating design of squares and triangles then with the user’s interaction the design would change colours depending on where the mouse was. I started my new idea by using a template that had been provided in one of our previous lessons and after testing multiple things with code to see what done what I then proceeded to change things to suit my idea for example I made the canvas size bigger, I changed the colours, the frame rate as well as make triangles and rectangles would appear instead of circles. I did find it difficult getting used to the code and I messed up a lot, but it ended up turning out quite well.
I found this project very difficult as I am not the biggest fan of coding and I didn’t really grasp the idea of the assignment until two weeks before the initial deadline. As I didn’t enjoy the coding I found it very difficult and I would easily get distracted as I didn’t want to do something I have no interest in but in the end I grasped the simple bits of code but I still have massive amounts to improve on and understand. I believe if I practiced more I would have understood more of the code and not just guessed what did what and play the project safe. 
